‎Can you imagine
what it would have been like
‎to be with Ezekiel
‎when he saw
the vision of Jehovah’s chariot,
‎the cherubs,
and those giant wheels?
‎Section 1 of the Pure Worship book,
‎“The Heavens Were Opened,”
‎will consider in detail
‎this portion of Ezekiel’s prophecy.
‎Turn with me, please,
‎and follow along as we read Ezekiel 1:1:
‎“In the 30th year,
on the fifth day of the fourth month,
‎“while I was among the exiled people
‎“by the river Chebar,
‎“the heavens were opened
‎and I began to see visions of God.”
‎What’s the setting?
‎Ezekiel and thousands of Israelites
‎are held captive
near the great city of Babylon.
‎Has Jehovah abandoned his people?
‎Are the Babylonian gods
more powerful than Jehovah?
‎What Ezekiel now sees in vision
‎leaves him in no doubt
‎—Jehovah is the Almighty,
‎the only God worthy of worship!
‎But what does Ezekiel see?
‎Let’s continue our reading
‎with verses 4, 26, and 27.
‎“As I was looking,
‎“I saw a tempestuous wind
coming from the north,
‎“and there was a huge cloud
‎“and flashing fire
surrounded by a bright light,
‎“and from the midst of the fire
‎“was something that looked like electrum.
‎“Above the expanse that was over their heads
‎“was what looked like a sapphire stone,
‎“and it resembled a throne.
‎“Sitting on the throne up above was someone
‎“whose appearance resembled that of a human.
‎“I saw something glowing like electrum
‎“that was like a fire
‎“radiating from what
appeared to be his waist and upward;
‎“and from his waist down,
‎“I saw something that resembled fire.
‎There was a brilliance all around him.”
‎What does the chariot that Ezekiel saw represent,
‎and how do we know that?
‎What can we learn from the chariot’s wheels
‎and the way the vehicle moved?
‎How was Ezekiel affected by his vision,
‎and how does meditating on it affect you?
‎How can we show that we are awed
‎by the privilege of serving Jehovah
‎along with his organization today?
‎These questions will be answered
‎as you consider this chapter entitled
‎“I Began to See Visions of God.”
‎Each meeting you attend
opens and concludes with prayer.
‎Before you close your eyes to pray,
‎picture the huge chariot that Ezekiel saw
‎and the One seated on the throne.
‎Doing so will deepen your appreciation
‎for the privilege of prayer
‎and will strengthen your resolve
‎to give Jehovah
the pure worship that belongs to him.